docs: improve documentation of DSP permission system (DEV-1561) (#270)
dasch-swiss/dsp-tools: docs/dsp-tools-xmlupload.md

- `<resource>`

> ## The DSP permission system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The DSP permissions
```
I wouldn't call this a "system" ;)

</permissions>
```

### Example of a permissions section

A complete `<permissions>` section may look as follows:

```
<permissions id="res-default">
    <allow group="UnknownUser">V</allow>
    <allow group="KnownUser">V</allow>
    <allow group="ProjectMember">D</allow>
    <allow group="ProjectAdmin">CR</allow>
    <allow group="Creator">CR</allow>
</permissions>
<permissions id="res-restricted">
    <allow group="ProjectMember">M</allow>
    <allow group="ProjectAdmin">CR</allow>
    <allow group="Creator">CR</allow>
</permissions>
<permissions id="prop-default">
    <allow group="UnknownUser">V</allow>
    <allow group="KnownUser">V</allow>
    <allow group="ProjectMember">D</allow>
    <allow group="ProjectAdmin">CR</allow>
    <allow group="Creator">CR</allow>
</permissions>
<permissions id="prop-restricted">
    <allow group="ProjectMember">M</allow>
    <allow group="ProjectAdmin">CR</allow>
    <allow group="Creator">CR</allow>
</permissions>
```

### The `permissions` attribute in resources/properties

> The permission IDs of the above example can now be used as `permissions` attribute in the `<resource>` and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once defined, the permission IDs can be used as `permissions` attribute in the `<resource>` and 
```

`<xyz-prop>` tags. It is important to note that a resource doesn't inherit its permissions to its properties. 
Each property must have its own permissions. So, in the following example, the bitstreams don't inherit the permissions 
from their resource:

```
<resource ...>
    <bitstream permissions="prop-default">images/EURUS015a.jpg</bitstream>
</resource>
<resource ...>
    <bitstream permissions="prop-restricted">images/EURUS015a.jpg</bitstream>
</resource>
<resource ...>
    <bitstream>images/EURUS015a.jpg</bitstream>
</resource>

> ```

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of examples showing what does _not_ work. Instead, examples should always show how things work - and the best way of doing something.
